Simplify some confusion and unused/unreferenced colon (#19659)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lutron_caseta.markdown

- Pico Remotes as [device triggers](/integrations/device_automation/)
- Shade Remotes as [device triggers](/integrations/device_automation/)

> When configured, the `lutron_caseta` integration will automatically discover the currently supported devices as setup in the Lutron Smart Bridge. The name assigned in the Lutron mobile app will be used to form the `entity_id` used in Home Assistant. e.g., a dimmer called 'Lamp' in a room called 'Bedroom' becomes `light.bedroom_lamp` in Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configured, the Lutron Caséta integration will automatically discover the currently supported devices as set up in the Lutron Smart Bridge. The name assigned in the Lutron mobile app will be used to form the `entity_id` used in Home Assistant. e.g., a dimmer called 'Lamp' in a room called 'Bedroom' becomes `light.bedroom_lamp` in Home Assistant.
```

## Manual configuration
When configured, the `lutron_caseta` integration will automatically discover the currently supported devices as setup in the Lutron Smart Bridge. The name assigned in the Lutron mobile app will be used to form the `entity_id` used in Home Assistant. e.g., a dimmer called 'Lamp' in a room called 'Bedroom' becomes `light.bedroom_lamp` in Home Assistant.

> Alternatively, if you already have `caseta.key`, `caseta.crt`, `caseta-bridge.crt`, and cannot physically access the bridge to press the button, pairing can be done manually using the following steps:

Author: the ending colon to this sentence was the main confusing part
